Add "merge options" section (#415)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs: docs/download_options.md

If you are using the "Download now" button to download a full project that contains bulk RNA-seq expression, it will automatically be included with the download.

For more information about the expected file download structure for "Single-cell" and "Spatial" modalities, refer to our {ref}`Downloadable files<download_files:STUB LINK TO SECTION WITH SINGLE-CELL/SPATIAL DOWNLOAD FOLDERS>`.

## Merge options

> When downloading all single-cell or single-nuclei samples from a project, you will have the option to either receive the data as objects for individual libraries, or as {ref}`a single merged object with data from all samples in the given project<merged_objects.md:Merged objects>`.

Author: This phrasing was brought to you by modalities being fresh on my mind so not wanting to get confused with spatial! Do you think something like this also is overkill or confusing?

> When downloading a project in the "Single-cell" modality, either by using `Download Now` or `Add to Dataset`

Please be aware that merged objects have _not_ been integrated or batch-corrected.

> When {ref}`creating a custom dataset to download<download_files:Custom datasets>`, you will be able to select the option to merge all samples only if you are downloading all samples from a project or a full project itself.
> All samples in a given project must be included; merging a subset of samples in a project {ref}`is not currently supported<faq:STUB for https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs/issues/399>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When {ref}`creating a custom dataset to download<download_files:Custom datasets>`, you will be able to select the option to merge all samples only if you have included all samples from a project in `My dataset`. 
Merging a subset of samples in a project {ref}`is not currently supported<faq:STUB for https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-docs/issues/399>`.
```
Here I'm just getting rid of some of the repetition. I also think we can just say if you are including all samples from a project then you can merge. How you actually add all samples is up to the user.

In addition, merged objects are not available for all samples or projects, {ref}`as described here<faq:Which projects can I download as merged objects?`.

> Note that even when {ref}`downloading the full Portal<download_files:Portal-wide downloads>`, merged objects will still be provided per-project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that even when {ref}`downloading data for all single-cell and single-nuclei samples on the Portal<download_files:Portal-wide downloads>`, merged objects will still be provided per-project.
```
Let's be careful because they can't actually download the full Portal, just pieces of it.
